because it was a check
what up Jimmy's Goku Jones here for good
be calm
clean Diablos you can see I'm using the
Xbox controller I've got some program
online that does it for free its game is
terminated outstanding so we're going to
take a break
what up Jimmy's dougie Jones here from
Goa this is take three now we tried to
show you how I'm working with the
controller there's a skeleton king right
there I said let me give you a quick
tour here this is just a is just like
the mouse button when you're not do
anything but she stands still she'll
start shooting this is the force
standstill button this is the mean
button so I hold the RB button down show
this run so it's like constantly
clicking this is the left Mouse and this
is the right mouse button those right
mouths what most this is Matt - down
here
all right and then you got on your d-pad
I got this one Matt so turn on the
shield I don't know what this does
I gotta figure that out Apple tell them
report me back to town left will heal me
on the d-pad this will bring up the math
the select button holy shit holy shit
look at that you know and then the start
is actually pause looking at the
skeleton king
he's done for
and that's what 'pn up on the Skeleton
King Koki comm number one in the world
check out the story and you can get the
details on what programs I'm using and
how I got it set up so you can do this
too if you want to play with the
controller don't be a Jew